Add `annotated_ptr` code sample (#14)
wangdi4/oneAPI-samples: DirectProgramming/C++SYCL_FPGA/README.md

| Sample                                                                            | Category                                             | Description
|:---                                                                               |:---                                                  |:---

> | [annotated_ptr (experimental)](Tutorials/Features/experimental/annotated_ptr) | [Tutorials/Features](Tutorials/Features)             | How to use `annotated_ptr` to constrain a specific memory access

Reviewer: How to use **the** `annotated_ptr` ***thing*** *alias? template?* ...

Author: Updated to "... use the `annotated_ptr` class to ..."

> | [annotated_ptr (experimental)](Tutorials/Features/experimental/annotated_ptr) | [Tutorials/Features](Tutorials/Features)             | How to annotate a pointer inside the kernel using `annotated_ptr`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| [annotated_ptr (experimental)](Tutorials/Features/experimental/annotated_ptr) | [Tutorials/Features](Tutorials/Features)             | How to use `annotated_ptr` to constrain a specific memory access

```
